Dropbox link:
https://www.dropbox.com/sh/z3cipft31qhrrwd/7r9jFChWcY

New Site:
http://beyondtoday.knowbility.org

Old Site:
http://www.beyondtoday.us/

Languages:
English, French, Spanish

Site Contents:
-------------

When visitors come to your site, what do you want them to find out from the site?
Our mission and vision; our contact information; information about our services (there are three branches: peer support, recovery, and informing policy); how to receive services; how to donate or volunteer; information about current projects; “About Us” (staff/board bios, brief history, accomplishments); links to partners, other providers, and social media (we mainly use our facebook to post articles and host discussions about current events).

What do you want visitors to be able to do through the site?
Read, view media (we are in the midst of making an informational video that we will upload to the site as soon as possible), follow links to our partners and other providers, link to our social media pages, contact us, and donate. Eventually, we would like a blog on the site where people could regularly view updates and leave comments. For now, we are using facebook and twitter for this purpose. Setting up e-commerce is also a goal but not the number one priority.

Are there any specific goals or events driving the creation of a new site? Please list in as much detail as possible.
Yes; we are currently facilitating an initiative among community mental health service providers to provide persons cycling through the criminal justice system with peer support services in an attempt to reduce recidivism. We anticipate more traffic to our site over the next few months as we initiate new partnerships and come into contact with numerous potential clients. Info about this project need not be on the frontpage, but it should be easily accessible from the frontpage.

What are the priorities for your site? (For example: 1. Content Management System 2. Video 3. Calendar of Events 4. Blog 5. Version of site in 2nd language)
1. Clean, professional look and feel
2. Version of site in Spanish
3. Video
4. Prominent links to social media pages
5. Blog

List three sites you like, and why:
1. http://www.namiaustin.org/
	We like the clean look and feel of this site, and how they list links to other resources at the bottom of the page.
2. http://www.austinclubhouse.org/
	We like how they imbed their video on the frontpage, plus the size and clarity of the text.
3. http://www.fountainhouse.org/
	We like the compactness of this site. You don’t have to scroll at all to see all the information.